CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec

It seems like you want to participate on the @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec - that's great! We welcome contributions to our [open source project on GitHub](http://github.com/tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec).

## Introduction

We are glad that you are interested in @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec in the way of contributing. We value the community developers as you are.

## Help the community

1) Report an Error or a Bug 🐛
2) Request a Feature 🆕
3) Contribute to the Code 👨‍💻👩‍💻
4) Contribute to the Documentation 📝
5) Provide Support on Issues ℹ️

## Need help?

If you have any question about this project (for example, how to use it) or if you just need some clarification about anything, please open an Issue at [Issues](http://github.com/tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec/issues).

## Contributing

Follow these steps:

1. **Fork & Clone** the repository  
2. **Setup** the DX Scanner  
   - Install packages with `npm install`  
   - Lint code with `npm lint` or `npm lint:fix` with autofixer  
3. **Commit** changes to your own branch by convention. See https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
4. **Push** your work back up to your fork  
5. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request.**

## Copyright and Licensing

The @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec open source project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## [FAQ](https://github.com/tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec/issues?q=label%3Afaq+sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Aclosed)

Commit message:

docs: add release instructions and license

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec

It seems like you want to participate on the @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec - that's great! We welcome contributions to our [open source project on GitHub](http://github.com/tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec).

## Introduction

We are glad that you are interested in @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec in the way of contributing. We value the community developers as you are.

## Help the community

1) Report an Error or a Bug 🐛
2) Request a Feature 🆕
3) Contribute to the Code 👨‍💻👩‍💻
4) Contribute to the Documentation 📝
5) Provide Support on Issues ℹ️

## Need help?

If you have any question about this project (for example, how to use it) or if you just need some clarification about anything, please open an Issue at [Issues](http://github.com/tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec/issues).

## Contributing

Follow these steps:

1. **Fork & Clone** the repository  
2. **Setup** the DX Scanner  
   - Install packages with `npm install`  
   - Lint code with `npm lint` or `npm lint:fix` with autofixer  
3. **Commit** changes to your own branch by convention. See https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
4. **Push** your work back up to your fork  
5. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE: Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request.**

## Release new version

All commit messages have to be in the format of the [conventionalcommits.org](https://conventionalcommits.org) specification.

1. Make sure your are on the `main` branch.
2. Make sure you have committed everything and your code is working.
3. Run `npm run release`
4. Push your changes to the repository and the `main` branch.
5. The Github Action will automatically release a new version to npmjs.com (https://npmjs.org/package/@tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec).

For more detailed instructions read [standard-version documentation](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version).

## Copyright and Licensing

The @tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec open source project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## [FAQ](https://github.com/tyntec/node-red-contrib-tyntec/issues?q=label%3Afaq+sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Aclosed)
